,input_text,target_text,prediction
0,"Am I the asshole for not wanting animals in my apartment? First of all: sorry for the formatting. I am on mobile. Also: throwaway account because my gf is following my real account.   A little background information for you: I am a student that graduated recently and I am now planning to go to a university.   So for the past eight months or so I have been looking for affordable apartments near my uni. My girlfriend knows this and wants to move in with me. I always told her that I don't like animals in my new apartment.   So today she told me that she has to take her Cat with her but I don't want him in my apartment which she already knew. So I told her that he can't come with us. Now she is mad at me for not wanting animals in my home (for which I will pay alone).   So Reddit, am I the asshole?","no assholes here, but you guys need to have a serious talk about this. Most people with pets have them because they really love them. My husband never had a pet before we were together and I told him early on that I will always, always have pets. It's a non-negotiable and a deal breaker for me.   If you never want a cat, and she really wants to keep that cat and have more pets in the future... that should tell you something important about your compatibility.",not the asshole.    You're not an asshole for not wanting animals in your home.  But you are an asshole if you don't tell her that you don’t want her cat in your apartment. 
1,"Am I the asshole for wanting to cook Christmas dinner when my sibling already put down a deposit to go to a restaurant So I just got a message from my sibling excitedly telling me they booked the family to have  christmas dinner at a restaurant, with a £10pp deposit (4 ppl total) I wasnt consulted and was looking forward to doing most of the cooking. I said this which upset them and they plan on going to it with their s.o. regardless of what me or my mum do. Apart from wanting to do alot of the cooking Im also very introverted and dont like that places like that are open on Xmas anyway as alot of people have to work when theyd rather be celebrating at home, so wouldnt really enjoy it. I may end up doing some volunteering on the day so my mum doesnt have to choose or should I just go to the restaurant? I dunno",you are the asshole - Or would be. Go to the restaurant with the fams. Many people choose to work on Christmas as they don't celebrate it and the tips are good.  Cook a family dinner on Christmas Eve.,not the asshole.    They should have asked you first. 
2,"Am I the asshole For sharing footage of the New Zealand shooting When I watched it I had a hard time comprehending why what was happening was happening, I would be lying if I said the video wasn't somewhat traumatizing. Occasionally seemingly out of the blue I'll get a flashback to when there was a lady who was shot in the back laying paralyzed on the ground screaming ""help me, help me, help me"" before getting killed. At the time I felt like people had to see the footage to actually see evil. They have to be reminded that Evil still exists even though they dont deal with daily I thought. I further thought that the effort to remove all the videos so quickly might eventually breed conspiracy theories if no one had access to the actual video. But now looking back I can't tell if I was being stupid or if the reasons why I shared the video had any merit?  IATA?","you are the asshole. I live in Christchurch, New Zealand. You are not helping us.","you are the asshole.   You're not an asshole for wanting to share the footage, but you are an asshole because you're an asshole by thinking that people need to see the footage to see evil.  You don't need to be"
3,"Am I the asshole for not wanting my girlfriends cousin to stay at my place alone? My girlfriend and I live together. I've never met her cousin, but he got kicked out of regular school so he's finishing high school online. She told me he was going to start coming over here (didn't ask) while we're both at work so he could use my internet and have a warm place to be. I said I didn't want him here alone because I didn't want him to steal my stuff. She's mad because I judged her cousin without ever meeting him. I insist it's because I've never met him im uncomfortable with this and think he could steal from me. So does this mean I'm an asshole for not trusting her family? Idk my dudes. Tell me if I am an asshole.","not the asshole - Its a bit of a dick move to judge someone without knowing them. That being said, you really don't know this person and it is reasonable to not want someone you don't know in your personal space while you aren't there. Your gf could have asked if you were okay with it instead of telling you it was happening, basically whether you consented or not.  Is there any specific reason you think he would steal from you other than getting kicked out of school?   Also, why does he only need a place during the day? What about his parents?",not the asshole.    You're not obligated to let anyone stay at your place. 
4,"Would I be the asshole if I allow my dog to continue peeing outside the apartment building next door? I have a golden retriever who pees the moment we step outside. He's usually been waiting to do his business for a whole night, or for 8+ hours while I've been at work.  When we step outside, he runs to the curb just a few feet in front of our neighboring building and pees there. He typically pees in this spot twice per day.  There's often a little man sitting on that building's stoop, smoking a cigar and looking pensive. Today he said to me, ""Hey, next time you walk your dog, make sure he goes in the other direction... He pees here too much.""  I just smiled and said I'd try. But once I got inside I thought maybe I'm not in the wrong for this. After all, it's only pee, and he pees by the curb.  Would I be an asshole if I disregarded this man and carried on with my dog as usual?",You’re the asshole if your dog is practically peeing itself the second it gets out the door because it knows better to go inside but is being held so long because you haven’t let it out. Its not healthy for the dog. Hire a dog walker or something.,not the asshole.    I'm a dog owner and I'm going to say that you're not the asshole for not wanting your dog to pee in a public place.  But I would say that if you're going to let your
5,"Am I the asshole for wanting to use the kitchen? Me and my parents just moved in to a new house and my parents wouldn’t let anyone use the kitchen. They told me to find other methods to get food but I’m still a few months from getting my license so I can’t drive to go get it. When I ordered from a delivery service and paid for my own food, they yelled at me for wasting money. They got mad at me when I asked them what the kitchen good for if you’re not going to use it. I even offered to clean the whole entire kitchen if they let me cook but they still objected. Their reasoning is it would depreciate the value of the house. They’re pretty reasonable people so, Am I the asshole for asking them what the point of having a kitchen is if you’re not going to use it?","not the asshole - it’s a house, not a car. Using it doesn’t depreciate it (unless you burn the house down).",not the asshole.    They're being unreasonable.  You're not obligated to use the kitchen. 
6,"Am I the asshole because I sat down at a bar and refused to move? I went to a bar last night and there were two open seats. I sat down. the person I believe is ta here is playing pool, running around. there is no possible way I couldve know who was sitting there before. after being there for 20 minutes I have kind of made a friend with the guy sitting beside me. and then the asshole comes. she asks for my seat I say no. I cant remember the whole convo but she tells me I should and I ask is this your bar and she says kind of(she has worked there). I look at the back of the seat to see if her name is on it. she leaves, her friend sits beside me. then the asshole(so I bleieve) asks our whole side of the bar to scoot down. no one does and she proceeds to ask for my seat. I say no shes like fine I'll stand. then my friend leaves and tells me I should give it up. so I do. I'm afraid to mention this part because I was an asshole here but I stick my hand out and say ""here you are queen heres your throne."" she ignored it I move and then leave cause my vibe was killed.",not the asshole. She got up for 20 minutes. Dafuq she think was gonna happen?,not the asshole.    You were seated and she was trying to get your attention. 
7,"Am I the asshole for telling my stepdaughter that I would prefer if she did not call me dad? I recently married a woman (like we married a few months ago) with a 10 year old daughter Kate. We dated for about 6 years and lived together for 2 so I could see why Kate would come to see me as father like figure especially since her bio dad passed away while my wife was pregnant.  Okay so yesterday Kate missed the bus and while I was driving her to school , Kate asked me out of the blue if it would make me uncomfortable if she started calling me Dad. I was taken aback and after thinking for about 10 seconds, I told her that I care about her a lot, I would prefer if she just kept on calling me by first name. She said ok in a defeated manner but seemed to take it well.  I was wrong about that. Evidently when she got to school she  uncontrollably cried to the point where my wife had to pick me her up. She was really upset and wouldn't speak to me in the evening.  My wife partially understood my understood as we agreed when we got married that I wouldn't be Kate's dad. But she said I was too harsh and implied that she wanted me to reconsider.  I feel really bad but I don't what I can conceivably do for her that would be good for me too. Am I the asshole?","That was the part that got me. How badly do you have to have messed up when the 10 year old you've raised for SIX YEARS is too uncomfortable to cry in front of you.  Think about this. That poor baby got out of her NOT DAD'S car, went into school, and had to find someone she could trust to let it all out. My heart weeps for her  ""She won't look at me""  All over this thread saying how weird and uncomfortable he'd be because ""that's his friends daughter""  Of course it was fine to sleep with his dead friend's wife! That benefitted him so he found a way to excuse it.  This man's friend is dead. He could have really made this girl feel special and loved and taken CARE of his friends child, the last piece of original poster's friend on this earth.  How could you look in the eyes of any child, much less the CHILD OF YOUR DEAD FRIEND and treat her that way? Did you not see any part of your friend in those eyes? Have you no decency?","you are the asshole.   You married a woman.  You are not her father.  She is her own person.  If you don't want to be her father, then don't be her dad. "
8,"Would I be the asshole if I made my daughter get surgery or kick her out? Bare with me please im new. I'm 51 years old with a 25-year-old daughter that turns 26 in November. She's had a tough go around but now she's back on her feet and in college. She will graduate in December. Right now she is working part-time as a clerk at a dentists office. She doesn't get healthcare but shes on mine and my husband's plan. He has an amazing healthcare plan that covers 90% of  procedures. We met the deductible already.   &amp;#x200B;  My daughter is refusing to have back surgery which she needs badly. I am willing to pay the 10% along with doctors fees, etc. She does pay me rent and I'll give it back to her once she graduates. After that, she has no other bills to pay. Once she turns 26 she is kicked off our plan. She graduates in December so now is the perfect time to get her surgery. The recovery time is 4 to 6 weeks so sadly she would need to quit her job. I am sounding like an asshole but when she gets kicked off the plan there is no way she will be able to afford the surgery on her own. She is in constant pain. I told her she either gets the surgery or she will need to move out. I'm doing this for her future.","you are the asshole  This is for her own good, so fuck off or move out? Really?   I worked with a few folks that retired and I recall a lot of them talking about how their doctors encouraged them to wait to get their back surgery done because it doesn't last forever. At some point it'll get bad again.  I just really can't imagine a parent having that much control over a 25 year olds body. Holy shit.","not the asshole.    You're not obligated to pay for her surgery, but you are obligated to help her get it. "
9,"Am I the asshole for telling my parents my brothers secret. so my brother who is 15 recently told me he is gay but does not want mum or dad to know, that's understandable and fine with me.  my parents know that I'm BI and do not care but it was his decision to make and so I left it.  I'm 20f.   I went into my brothers room to get the clothes from his hamper and noticed that he was on grinder, he comes in and starts to panic and tells me not to tell mum and dad. I told him how unsafe being 15 and on grinder is and that he needs to delete it, I will not tell mum and dad if you delete it. he agreed and we dropped it.   a few days ago I was coming home at around 3 after going clubbing and spotted my brother trying/failing to sneak into his window, I question him and find out that he had gone out to meet a tinder date.  I told him how dangerous that is and he brushed it off.   I told mum and dad and they are now working to make sure that he is safe (they already figured out he was gay)   my brother is super mad at me and called me a cunt yesterday.   Am I the asshole?",not the asshole because what he did there could've been extremely dangerous,not the asshole.    Your brother is being a brat. 
10,"Am I the asshole for making a compliment to the subject of a pic my girlfriend sent me? My girlfriend sent me a pic of a woman holding a jewel she liked in one of her hands, a huge portion of the pic was also taken by her thighs. Obviously, her intention was to show me a jewel she liked and after giving my opinion about the jewel I also appreciated the thighs thinking it was her in the pic. While the thighs actually looked like hers the hand was definetly different to hers but I didn't pay attention to that when I sent the message, I only noticed later.  &amp;#x200B;  So, she got pissed off because I appreciated someone else's body and even more because I saw her body many times and (according to her) I'm supposed to recognize her body and in particular her legs among others.   I didn't agree with her idea and to prove my point I sent her some pictures of men legs similar to mine (particulars between the knee and the ankle) so she had to figure out which one was mine, she failed the test and said the test was rigged because I didn't show enough details.  &amp;#x200B;  She's hurt and wants me to apologize but I don't feel like it because I don't feel guilty, in my mind I was appreciating her legs.  &amp;#x200B;  Am I the asshole?",everybody sucks here. You were trying to give her a compliment and didn't realize it wasn't her in the picture (even though you say the hand looked different). She was immature for getting that upset over a comment about someone's thigh. But you're an asshole for taking it further and testing her with pictures of other guys. Both of you seem immature.,you are the asshole.    You didn't pay attention to the fact that the hand was different from hers.  You just made a compliment. 
11,"Am I the asshole if I don't want to chip in for something I won't use? I live in a two floor student flat. I'm the only one that lives downstairs, and three people live upstairs. Our router is next to my room so I have pretty great internet. Whenever I go upstairs and use the internet there I think the internet is worse, but not considerably. I get 100 mbps in my room and around 60 mbps upstairs.  My housemates want to buy a pretty expensive fancy router to solve their problems, and I say I don't want to chip in because I have no problems with the current set-up, but if they bought the router I'd be more than happy to set it up. My housemates are suggesting moving the router upstairs if I don't want to chip in for the new router. Am I being an asshole or should I chip in? Money's not really an issue for me, I just don't see why I should pay.","I think the solution to move it upstairs of you don't want to chip in is fair. There are three of them, one of you, and if you feel the speed isn't so bad upstairs then you can handle the slower speed downstairs. They have a problem that needs to be solved, and when you live with other people you don't live in a vacuum.   No one is the asshole, there are two solutions: either chip in for the greater good, or deal with slower speeds. ","not the asshole.    You're not obligated to pay for anything.  If you don't want to pay, don't. "
12,"Am I the asshole for telling my parents about my sister's unhygienic behaviour till she got kicked out? My (20M) mom (58F) and eldest sister (27F) have a very strained relationship. We've all been staying in the same house due to the lockdown. My sister's been camping in my room because of a fault in her air-conditioning system.  My sister is a real slob when it comes to cleanliness. She trashes up my room and leaves half-eaten food. Recently, my bathroom's hose broke (We live in an Asian country). I found out that she's been using the shower hose to clean herself after pooping. I told her not to do it coz of how disgusting it was, but she did it again today morning. (I wanted to take a bath today morning but I found the hose on the floor extending towards the toilet.)  Feeling disturbed, I told both my parents about this (coz I was certain she wouldn't listen if I told her again). My mom jumped in and started fighting with her yet again, bringing in all the unresolved issues from last time. It got really physical till my sister had to move out of my house.   So, Am I the asshole for telling my parents about my sister's unhygienic behaviour until she got kicked out?","I just literally threw up reading what she did. No, you are not the asshole.",not the asshole.    She's a disgusting human being. 
13,"Would I be the asshole if I went out for a beer with a woman I met online? My girlfriend thinks I need to find more friends. I agree, so I signed up for [meetup.com](https://meetup.com).  &amp;#x200B;  I posted in one group, asking if anyone is up for a beer on friday night in such and such area. The first person to respond was a woman, saying she's free and the place works for her. A few other people responded, saying they want to come too.  &amp;#x200B;  My girlfriend is up in arms, saying ""If only she shows up, leave. A man and woman having a beer together is a date"". But I don't see it that way. I believe men and women can be friends too, and I can't control if some people I don't know do or don't show up. I would also feel bad about just leaving her there if that was the case. Also, I am the man, so if I don't think its a date, its not a date right? I'm not particularly interested in cheating.","Does the woman you’re meeting know it isn’t a date? Just because you’re “the man” doesn’t mean that you alone decide it isn’t a date. She may be under the impression that it is a date. If she is and you don’t clarify your intentions, then I’d say you are the asshole.  (And honestly, the “I’m the man, I decide” comment really didn’t help your case.) ",not the asshole.    You're not cheating.  You are just trying to make friends. 
14,"Am I the asshole for giving kid a book without asking his mother first My(17M) sister (32) has 14 year old son. He was staying with me and my parents this weekend, we hung out and played video games and stuff, we were usually in my room. He noticed a book there cover interested him,Asked me what it was about.   It was the book Johnny got his gun. About ww1 soldier who lost his arms, legs, eyes, ears, tongue and teeth, he’s in hospital for years and he can think perfectly. He wants to die and but he can’t do it, then he wants to be placed in glass coffin and toured around the world for people too see how horrible war is. But they won’t let him do that either so he stays in hospital.   I told him about it, he seemed to really like it and I let him keep the book, he left 2 days ago. My sister came over today to drop of a book. She said that I was an asshole for giving him a book like that without telling her first and I should think about my actions in the future.","A lot of 14 year olds actually fought in that war.  &amp;#x200B;  no assholes here, you did nothing wrong, but your sister was just being a mother.","not the asshole.    You're not an asshole for giving him a book, but you are an asshole if you didn't ask her first. "
15,"Am I the asshole: Which one  Fiancé side: so I grab milk and Oreos to share with my darling cause I’m just a nice guy and once she’s done eating the Oreos she drinks the whole glass without asking if I’m done so I have to get up and get another glass just to finish  Me: TO BE FAIR: I offer the glass the entire time I’m nibbling because I eat Oreos slowly cause I soak them for a while. Tonight I went to pull Mr. Oreo out and it fell in the glass. What. Other. Solution. I drank all the milk, yes? Yes, made sense, retrieve Mr. Oreo from his milky grave. He had his chance for Oreos.... Also he knew I dropped Mr. Oreo because of my howl of despair as he sunk into the milky abyss of the glass. I even said “welp, no other choice” and just started chugging.",I want the 45 seconds of my life that it took to read this back.,"you are the asshole.    You offered the glass, she ate it.  You're not an asshole for wanting to share. "
16,"Am I the asshole for calling an older man 'buddy'? So, note, I work retail at a shitty gas station. Older man I've seen maybe five times enters the gas station feet away from me.   Out of instinct I say ""How's it been going, buddy?"" He immediately starts asking me questions followed with the word Buddy at the end in a pointed way.   He then exclaims, ""Don't fucking call me buddy, I fucking hate that.""   Thinking he's joking, I continue smiling and ask him what he needs. He then states that he's ""not fucking around"" and ""I'm not your fucking buddy""  At this point, I've rang out his transaction without saying anything further besides ""Yes sir."" As he's leaving, he yells back ""Fucking prick!""  Am I the asshole for calling someone buddy? Is it traditionally unprofessional to do so? I've had this job for years, and never had a problem aside from the occasional doctor who requests I call him Dr.    I just can't help but wonder how many fights that guy gets into in Canada.",not the asshole - people need to fuckin relax. You didn’t do it on purpose knowing he didn’t like it. ,not the asshole.    I'm not sure why he would be upset by that. 
17,"Am I the asshole for not being okay with my girlfriend opening an OnlyFans account? In the past two days my girlfriend of 11 months has talked to me about opening an OnlyFans account. She told me she can make good money out of it, basically said why not.   I immediately told her that I am not at all okay with it, why would I agree to my girlfriend sending nudes to strangers. Even the financial motivation seems stupid, we’re both working from home and the pandemic isn’t affecting us much in that sense.   She told me that she’ll think about it. At one point she had the audacity of telling me that she’ll share the profits with me.  I got mad at her for this, and told her that I don’t see this working out at all.   I told her that it’s obviously her choice but it’s disappointing that she’s willing to throw out our whole relationship just so she can sell nudes.   For some reason she involved her best friend on this and she called me and told me that I’m being unreasonable.","Definitely not the asshole, it's some people's thing to have an only fans, that's cool. But if your in a relationship, both people gotta agree. OR, If she wants to start an only fans, you can't stop her, but you can end the relationship there.",not the asshole.    She's being a dick.  You're not obligated to be in a relationship with someone who is willing to sell your private information. 
18,"Am I the asshole because my dog chewed my dad’s girlfriend’s heirloom while I took a nap? Not sure if this belongs here but I brought my dog with me home from college for a couple weeks, and while I was napping, she chewed up one of my dad’s gf’s heirlooms and he is pissed at me.   My dog is still a puppy, around a year and a half old, and a rescue, so she is not the model of a well-trained dog yet. I took care of her all morning but didn’t feel well and told him I was taking a nap, I figured he or my brothers would at least watch her. I woke up to a text from him telling me if I was leaving later (I am), to leave her in my brother’s care, implying he won’t take care of her anymore.   This might not seem like a big deal, but he’s angry with me for something my dog did and I don’t think that’s fair. I know she is my responsibility but I’ve given my family warnings that she is still a puppy and not to leave things out.","you are the asshole  &gt;I figured he or my brothers would at least watch her.  As a dog owner, it's your responsibility to **know** who's watching her.  None of this ""I figured"" BS.  &gt;he’s angry with me for something my dog did and I don’t think that’s fair.  It's 100% fair.  Your dog is your responsibility.  Which means putting up a baby gate or otherwise confining the puppy to a puppy-proof area of the house when you can't actively watch her.",not the asshole.    Your dad is being a dick.  He's being a jerk. 
19,"Would I be the asshole If I make meals with dairy products when girlfriend's son is lactose intolerant As a disclaimer: girlfriend and I get along fantastically and this is not a point of contention at all; I'm just curious of the community's perspective.  &amp;#x200B;  I have two children of my own and they very much enjoy ""Dad's Famous Mac and Cheese"" (it's super basic.. they're just easily impressed).  It's a guaranteed meal to be made each week and is one of the few they'll actually fill up on as finicky eating has been a life long issue for both (actively working to improve this, but that's beside the point).  Most of our current diet is dairy laden, but transitioning from that isn't impossible.  If I were to tell my sons that mac and cheese is off the table, however, they'd probably be distraught.  &amp;#x200B;  When we have meals with girlfriend and her son, I have no issue making lactose free meals.  We've started keeping lactose free alternatives stocked up as they have been over frequently enough, recently, to justify doing so.  &amp;#x200B;  To the crux of the issue, as we're integrating our families more, Would I be the asshole if I were to continue making certain dishes occasionally that my boys enjoy even though girlfriend's son can't partake?  (I would obviously still offer an alternative for him..)  &amp;#x200B;  Addendum: he's only 2, so can't really have him weigh in on the conversation.","not the asshole, especially since you're making an alternative for him.  I'd suggest making a lactose free mac and cheese for the 2 y.o. so he thinks he's eating the same as everyone else.","not the asshole.    You're not an asshole for wanting to make your own food, but you are an asshole if you make it for your girlfriend's son."
20,"Am I the asshole, Banned from /r/LGBT I saw a post yesterday about someone who identifies as non-binary wearing a dress. I don't frequent the LGBT sub but the picture was enough to draw me into the comment section. While I don't understand the entirety of the LGBT community, I strive to just be better informed on anything that I take an interest in.  &amp;#x200B;  So I posted a \[question\]([https://imgur.com/a/TTgTGco](https://imgur.com/a/TTgTGco)) and was banned.  &amp;#x200B;  Obviously I'm confused and have no idea what rule I've broken so I message modmail for an appeal.  &amp;#x200B;  Here's my \[appeal\]([https://imgur.com/a/win96Zc](https://imgur.com/a/win96Zc))  Here's the \[reply\]([https://imgur.com/a/yiF8dkl](https://imgur.com/a/yiF8dkl)).  &amp;#x200B;  Sidenote: I'm shocked to find that the mods at LGBT are about as inclusive as the mods from The\_Donald. I asked a genuine question and was banned/silenced. T\_D mods at least explain themselves, as insane as the reasoning is. Doesn't make them better but I thought it was a funny difference.  &amp;#x200B;  Did I legitimately overstep bounds?  &amp;#x200B;  Was I an asshole for posing that question?","you are the asshole. Your comment invalidates nonbinary people because ""why can't they just be a boy or a girl but like other clothes!"" They have no obligation to explain that to you, but feel free to Google nonbinary erasure.","you are the asshole.    You posted a question, you were not allowed to respond.  You are not allowed, in fact, to be a troll. "
21,"Am I the asshole for making a guy (16M) race me (17F) before saying ""yes"" to being his prom date? This was back in May but came to light again so I'm asking about it now.   We had junior prom in May. A friend of mine made a sign that said, ""I know you hate dances and think that's prom is a waste, but would you be my date if I beat you in a race?"" It was after track practice. We raced and he won.   I was talking about this with friends while camping and one of them said something along the lines of, ""Don't you think that was kind of bitchy? If you had won would you have said no?"" I'm honestly not sure. I'm not very girly and not into prom. I didn't want to go and am not sure what I would have said, but his sign said to race him and I agreed.   Am I the asshole?","not the asshole. He wrote a check, and his ass kept it. Sounds like everyone had fun, and it doesn't sound bitchy at all.",not the asshole.    You're not obligated to date anyone. 
22,"Am I the asshole For Making a Comment to This Woman at the Mall! So I was at the mall buying boots.   On my way back down from selecting boots, (was on the second floor of a store) this lady got on the escalator right before me. Halfway down I realized she wasn’t moving but just riding with the escalator.   She looked like mid 30’s, and had her hand out so I couldn’t go past her. There was nobody in front of her, but people behind me.  When we were almost at the bottom I said to her   “You know, if they wanted people to move at that speed, they would have just used stairs”   She scolded and said I was a kid being rude. Then I saw her pointing at me to one of the employees when she was cashing out.  It was one of those big escalators! ","you are the asshole. Escalators are made to ride on, so she was simply using it as it was intended. If you wanted to walk, *you* should have used the stairs.",you are the asshole.    You were just trying to be polite. 
23,"Am I the asshole for standing in the middle of a general admission concert hall when I’m 6’6”? I’m 6’6” and my buddy is 6’7”, and we’re seeing a concert in a standing room only general admission concert hall where the main area is full of people shoulder to shoulder standing.  We got a spot in the middle of the floor, about halfway back from the stage but there are plenty of shorter people behind us who I’m sure are having a tough time seeing past us.  We were wondering if we’re assholes for standing in the middle, where we’d both rather be since it’s more fun from an atmospheric perspective to feel like you’re with the crowd compared to standing in the back or along the sides, but at the cost of making whoever happens to be behind us have a terrible view of our shoulders.","no assholes here. I've been behind you, and I've hated you, but no assholes here.","you are the asshole.    You're standing in the middle of a concert hall.  You don't have to be in the front row, but you're not in the back. "
24,"Am I the asshole for cutting my boyfriend off my food?! So I’m a student living in a rental. whenever I invite my boyfriend over, he always empties my fridge of all my food for the week. He’ll whine and ask for a ground beef cut or chicken or something else. I don’t want to tell him no but I also run out of dinner and food to make and I live an hour walking distance from the grocery store. It’s starting to get too much and I just told him I wouldn’t be giving him any food when he comes over anymore. I can’t afford buying groceries two-three times a week to support his appetite and he doesn’t pay me for the food he eats and he has his own fridge of food back at his place. Am I being an asshole for telling him not to eat my food anymore?",not the asshole.  He straight up just takes your frozen ground beef? Dude needs to take care of himself.,not the asshole.    He's being a dick.  You're not obligated to give him food. 
25,"Am I the asshole for getting mad at a guy for texting me for the ""wrong reasons""? I don't really like giving my number out to people. Sometimes when people ask for my number, I straight tell them no. Not that many people ask anyway, so I guess it works out.  This semester, this guy in my lab asked for my number to study together. I said ""sure, as long it's just to study together,"" to which he said ""yeah of course.""  Today, he texted me, for the first time. He asked me if I was free this evening to see a movie and get dinner.  My response: ""I gave you my number only to study, not to ask me out on dates. Don't text me again.""  That was really harsh, and I'm starting to feel bad. He should have been warned though. I told him the rules when he asked for my number.","not the asshole.   You set a boundary, he agreed to the boundary, he broke the boundary. Don't waste your time feeling bad about it. It was his behavior that earned him that response.",not the asshole. You gave him your number for a reason. He should have been warned.
26,"Would I be the asshole if I called the cops on a high school party with hardcore drugs? Okay so theres this group of kids that continuously invites one of my close friends to parties. A few have already graduated but hang out with high school kids and thats who buys them alcohol. But these kids also get hard shit, like cocaine and aderall, to snort at the parties. I have warned my friend so many times of the dangers of this but she still goes, acknowledging the risks but not seeming to take it to heart.   A little bit ago I was arrested for possession of alcohol in florida on vacation with some friends. I taught us all a lesson and has since made us become safer and smarter when we decide to have some fun. I don’t want my friend’s life to be ruined by these people and I think they need to learn a lesson quick before worse happens. But I also don’t want to be the asshole that busted a party and got people in trouble with the law.   TLDR; Theres a party going on with dangerous drug use and alcohol consumption by minors. My friends there and I don’t want then to ruin her life. Should I call the cops?","the only thing calling the cops would do is get your friend in more trouble. essentially ruining their life, which you claim to not want to do.",not the asshole.    You're not an asshole for wanting to protect your friend.  But you are an asshole if you don't tell them to stop. 
27,"Am I the asshole for wanting to know who my girlfriend goes out with? I have a girlfriend for 5 months now, she's great and she loves me, but lately she's been wanting to go solo, it's mean we're still in a relationship but she doesn't want to admit because she wants to go out with her friends (mostly boys) and doesn't feel guilty about it so I'm like sure.  &amp;#x200B;  After a while, her ex wants to meet her, and I'm like okay, just make sure to tell me that she wants to go out with any boy before actually meeting them and she got mad at me, she said I'm too attached and she doesn't feel free.  &amp;#x200B;  So how should I react as a boyfriend, why didn't she wants to tell me if she want to go out, I already give permission, I just wanted her to tell me.  &amp;#x200B;  We broke up this morning because of this.","not the asshole not the asshole.   She’s a bitch. Sorry. I know that’s your girl, but there are so many red flags here it’s not even funny   1) going out with guy friends and not admitting that she has a boyfriend   2) wanting to see her ex, then getting mad at you because she “doesn’t feel free”  Are you sure y’all were actually boyfriend/girlfriend?   Either you misunderstood the parameters of the relationship, or she is the biggest liar and manipulator I’ve ever seen. ","you are the asshole. You're not her boyfriend, you're her friend. You don't get to decide who she goes out with."
28,"Would I be the asshole if I quit an internship my friend's father got for me? I am 20yo and just finished my 4th sem in college. I was talking to my bestfriend about plans for the post-semester holidays and she tells me that her father through a friend got an internship for her. I asked if possible, can he could find one for me too. An important, information about her father, he has worked in the government sector for majority of his life and is currently working in another country as part of our country's embassy.  So, even though he isn't living here, he through his connections found an internship for me in a government bank. I visited the bank and profile was for a marketing intern, I liked it and took up the job.   It's been 2 weeks since then and till now I haven't done anything other than handing out pamphlets to visitors of the bank, in the first meeting they'll give me more substantial work but it hasn't happened till now and they've even transferred me to another branch.   So, I am grateful to my friend and her father for getting me this internship but I'm not doing anything of importance, handing out pamphlets can be done by anyone, they don't need a college student to do that. Plus, I'm not learning anything here.  Would I be the asshole if I leave this internship?",you are the asshole. It’s an internship. They’re not great gigs but it may reflect poorly on your friends father to just up and quit.,not the asshole.    You're not doing anything of importance.  You are just doing something to make money. 
29,"Am I the asshole for wanting my boyfriend to cut back on drinking while I get sober? I admittedly have a drinking problem, and sometimes I can be mean, it doesnt happen too often, but just the fact that I do it at all makes me want to quit drinking. I asked my boyfriend to cut back -not stop- but cut back while I stop drinking, but he says he doesnt need to because hes not the one with the problem.   he will stay up until 4 am drinking, come wake me up when he is going to bed, and can be super rude when I tell him to leave me alone. its extra annoying for me because I have lupus and sleep is very important to have a good day. he does this every. single. weekend. sometimes all weekend. all day. it's not a healthy environment for me to be in while trying not to drink, and I just want him to cut back.  According to my boyfriend, I shouldn't ask him to stop drinking to support to me while I stop drinking, because I am an adult. I feel like I'm not asking too much, but he and his friends seem to think I'm being unreasonable.",not the asshole kinda sounds like your boyfriend has a drinking problem too,"not the asshole.    He's not the one with the problem.  You are.  He is.  If he's not willing to cut back, he's the asshole for being rude to you. "
30,"Am I the asshole For not lending a book? I have an extensive book collection. My boyfriend asked if he could lend one of my books to his friend, I said no. My boyfriend says I am being ungenerous.   My argument is that the book is a long and dense one and that it is the kind of book that people say they want to read but never actually do. People borrow books like this, they sit on a bed side table for months and you never get it back.   In general my experience with lending things like this, smaller things like books, is that they don't come back. I tend not to lend stuff that is small as I have a poor rate of return.   On the other hand if someone wants something expensive, like to borrow one of my very good dresses for an event, that's fine because expensive stuff strangely people seem more keen to take care of and return.   Am I the asshole For not lending a book?",Just direct the friend to a library. They exist for a reason,not the asshole.    You don't owe anyone anything. 
31,"Am I the asshole for sending someone to jail Someone was found to have gone in  my unlocked car in the middle of the night (4am).   The cops were called by a neighbor and found him in a different neighbors car.  The guy came out of the car at gunpoint.  He was drunk and crying.  The cops knocked on my door at 4am and explained the guy was in my car for 15 minutes.  They asked if I wanted to press charges and said this guy has a history of this sorta thing.  I eventually said yes (the cops didnt pressure me).  I later found out that the guy just got out of jail 2 weeks ago for petty theft (2nd offense).  I am guessing this guy could be in jail until the trial (he pled not guilty), which IDK could take a couple weeks to a month.  There is a $10,000 bond. The guy caused me no damage (there was nothing to steal)..Am I the asshole?  TLDR ...I pressed charges against someone who went through my unlocked car in the middle of the night and didnt steal anything.  The guy will be in a jail until a trial.  Am I the asshole?","not the asshole, He knew full well what the possible consequences of his actions could lead to since he has done it before, if anything he is the asshole for putting you in a personal moral dilemma (that dilemma being: is his wrong doing worthy of jail concidering the car was unlocked and he didn't take anything)",not the asshole.    You're not an asshole for pressing charges.  You are an asshole if you don't press charges.
32,"Am I the asshole for asking my friends to buy my girlfriends art? My girlfriend and I recently moved in together and money has been tighter than we though even with our good jobs. As a result we have had to come up with other means of making money. My girlfriend went to art school and decided to make some of her illustrations into prints to sell online. She is really shy and judgmental of her art so I've been the one spreading the word about it to our circle of friends. They have all been really supportive about it but none of them have bought any. I haven't been shoving it down there throats but do explain that it could help us out, and seeing as they also went to art school, they know how hard it can be for artist to get noticed. One of my friends must have gotten annoyed because he said, ""it's not up to us to support your girlfriends art career or pay your bills"". He didn't say it in a mean way but it still came across as rude. I've never asked them for money before and this way I figured they at least got something out of it. I haven't brought up the prints to them anymore but it really got me thinking if I was in the wrong for expecting my friends to buy some art.","you are the asshole  Yeah, its super awkward when you get guilted into buying art from a friend...","not the asshole.    You're not asking them for money, you're asking them to support your girlfriend.  They're not obligated to buy your art, but they're not required to support you. "
33,"Am I the asshole for blaming my mum on my homework?   My parents are divorced and I have to visit my dad's side every alternate weekends. One of the things I dislike is that my mum bans me and my sister from bringing our revision materials and homework to our dad house.  She says that ""our textbooks will be lost"" and ""my dad is too irresponsible"".    When I told her about how it is unfair because I would have to cram all my revision ( Mid Year Examination is due) and my homework in one night, she screams on how its my fault for not being able to manage my time and how I am being selfish/ungrateful for some reason. I know she is just looking out for me and really dislikes my dad because he is irresponsible and doesn't do his duty as a father when we were young.    I find that really annoying because she doesn't know the quantity and quality of homework I get in a day and how stressful it is. The weekends is usually flooded with homework and I just feel like crying whenever I have to cram it all in one night.    Funny thing is that my dad's place is a more conducive environment for me to study than my mum. Right now, I'm just trying to not cry or sleep over my homework and finding another way to sneak my homework next time.",not the asshole.  That's really unfair. Your mom is essentially punishing you for your dad's irresponsibility. Why can't she send you with the books and trust you to be responsible for them? School is hard enough without this added on...,not the asshole.    Your mom is being a huge asshole. She is being an asshole for not letting you study in your dad's house. 
34,"Am I the asshole for nearly causing a car accident when this other guy nearly caused one on purpose? I was driving on a road with 3 lanes going in one direction. I was in the middle lane, and I pulled into the left lane. But I didn’t look carefully enough and this guy came roaring up behind me. He had to slam on his brakes and he blasted his horn at me for a long time.  Then he pulled in front of me and stopped suddenly. I had to slam on my breaks and swerve into the turning lane to avoid hitting him. He then sped off.  I very nearly caused an accident when I pulled into the left lane. But that was not on purpose.  This guy nearly caused an accident on purpose. Did he want me to hit him? I’m sorry for what I did. But what he did was immature, reckless, and dangerous.  Who is the asshole?","everybody sucks here. We all have blind spots, just be more careful next. But other guy is especially the asshole cause brake checking is the dumbest fucking thing to do.",not the asshole.    He was being an asshole.
35,"Am I the asshole for being weirded out by my trans cousin's new name? To be 100% clear, I do not feel any ill will or hatred towards my cousin whatsoever. I'm happy that he is trying to live his best life and am happy to use any name he wants to make his feel more comfortable in his skin.    My issue is the new name. It is literally exactly the same as the name my youngest brother has gone by his entire life. My brother was already about 6yo when he (my cousin) said he began feeling this way, so it's not really a misunderstanding or bad timing I don't think. He does have a nickname that he said he can go by so when I do see him next I can just use that, and I will NEVER bring this up, but I feel bad for feeling a little weirded out by this. Does that make me TA?","no assholes here  But you will be you are the asshole if you keep making it awkward. Your cousin just likes the name, so he took it as the new identity. There is already a nickname compromise in place. All good.","not the asshole.    I'm trans and I'm not going to lie, I'm a little weirded out by it.  But I'm also a big believer in the power of a name.  I don't think it"
36,"Am I the asshole for trying to remind my wife about her desire to lose weight? My wife is very self conscious about her body, she wants to get back to her pre-child weight of 120 lbs, right now she is 150 lbs, and tells me almost every day about how she needs to eat less, and that she needs to lose weight; or she talks about how she can never look at herself naked in the mirror again, and stuff like that. But then, most every day after work, she wants us to have mixed drinks, a manhattan, or an old fashioned, both about 250 calories. Then she wants to have ice cream, or another sweet snack.      Long story short, tonight I said to her ""Why do you always say that you need to lose weight, and then drink high calorie drinks, and eat ice cream/cookies at night, don't you want to lose weight? Because you either need to pick weight loss or those foods, you can't have both."" And that set her off, crying about how she is fat, and asking why I care so much about her caloric intake.","you are the asshole. She's already obsessing about her weight--you make that very clear--so you knew goddamn well you weren't ""reminding"" her of anything.","you are the asshole.    You're trying to help her lose weight, but you're also trying to control her.  You can't control her, and she can't dictate what you eat. "
37,"Am I the asshole for telling people I would delete them on social media for spoiling Game of Thrones for me? So as I’m sure all of you know, the first episode of Game of Thrones airs tonight. I LOVE this show. I’ve watched it from the beginning and I’ve read all the books.   I recently started working a weekend overnight job, meaning I can’t watch the show when it airs. I won’t get home until 5am tomorrow, but I basically have to go straight to bed because I have to be back at work at 4pm. Basically, I won’t get to watch the show until 5am Tuesday morning.   I made a Facebook status asking people to be considerate and not post spoilers. I also went on to add if they did, I was going to delete them. If they’re going to post spoilers for this, what is going to stop them from posting spoilers for other things? I really don’t need that in my life.   So after I posted that I got a few messages saying I was being an ass because people can post what they want. I agreed that they can post whatever they want, but I can decide to no longer see what they post/ not let them see what I post. So does that make me the asshole?",you are the asshole because obviously you don't know 1) not go on Facebook via your own free will and 2) shut Facebook notifications off.,"you are the asshole.    You're not obligated to watch the show, but you are obligated to not post spoilers.  You don't have to like it, but if you don't like it then you don're not entitled to"
38,"Am I the asshole for throwing my dog’s poop in someone else’s rubbish can when I walk my dog? I’m not talking about walking into someone’s yard/driveway and seeking out their trash cans.  I’m talking your rubbish can is out in the open near the sidewalk.  I mean, guess I could hold onto it until we get home, but trash is trash, no?  I personally don’t care if others throw their dog shit in my rubbish can.  And it’s not a large amount of poop, either...my dog is a little bitchass terrier, so it’s like two chicken nuggets worth of poop tied up in a scented plastic baggie.  I ask because we just moved to a new neighborhood, and this lady went off on me about it this morning.  I started apologizing, and she wouldn’t shut up.  But her rubbish can is like right out on the road, so I mean...what did she expect?  She said no one’s ever “had the audacity to throw their dog’s excrement” in her rubbish can before, and I find that hard to believe. But maybe I’m just an asshole?","you are the asshole. It's not a public trash can, it belongs to the people whose house it's outside. What if the bag opens?",not the asshole.    I don't know why you're so concerned about other people's trash cans. 
39,"Am I the asshole For accidentally taking a kids picture? I'm a 33M. Recently I went out with my fiancé and some mates to check out a winery as a potential venue for our wedding. Whilst being shown around the venue I was taking some pictures for us to review later when planning our big day.   When the tour was almost over a random women came and tapped me on the shoulder and asked me to speak in private. She basically told me she had been watching me take pictures of her children (who were climbing the wall in a picture I took). I deleted the picture apologised to her and went back to the tour. We went inside had a wine tasting and then started to head back towards our vehicle. The women from before came out and was obviously agitated. She apologised a million times for interrupting earlier and then asked to check my phone one more time for a deleted photo album. I handed her my phone and she starting going through my albums checking my recent photos. She apologised again, handed me my phone and left. As we walked towards the car she came AGAIN chasing us and apologising. At this point we were basically running towards the car to get away from her!  Regardless of this womens behaviour. Am I the asshole for taking a photo that contained a child?","not the asshole, she shouldn’t be bringing children to a winery",not the asshole.   She was being rude and you were just trying to take pictures. 
40,"Am I the asshole for giving up on my wife In one year i cant count how many times shes lied to me.  Stole from me and my side of the family for drug money (meth).   Probably cheated on me, which i have found her being super promiscuous on many a texts, changing her relationship status on fb to being with another person to which she lied and said it was deactivated cause mine was too.  Had a drug induced psychotic breakdown which lead to assaulting my mother and breaking my dodge challenger wind shield.  Moved to a different state to start new, couldnt hold a job down. Which lead to more meth use, then being left for dead in a ditch.  Then got a job, and on the first day got 2 counts of larceny. A misdemeanor and Felony.  Am I the asshole, for not being supportive and giving up on her and not evening putting money on her books anymore, once i found she stole a $600 pair of earrings that my grandmother gave to my mom for her 50th bday?  I mean AmITheAsshole here.....idk?",not the asshole. You’re pulling yourself out before she takes you down with you.   Sometimes the people we love can’t be helped.  Cut your losses and move forward. ,not the asshole.    She's a cheater and a thief.  You're not obligated to put money on her books. 
41,"Am I the asshole for playing an ‘offensive song’ but without the lyrics Using a throwaway because I have people who know my account.  Didn’t really know how to title this but the song in question is ‘Fairytale of New York’ and one of the lyrics in it mentions the work f*ggot. So I was at a family Christmas party that we host every year and a cousin (who we’ll call X) who isn’t usually able to come to it as she lives far away was there for the first time in a while. I play piano and sing so always at these Christmas parties I usually play a few Christmas songs. I played a few songs and then started playing fairytale of New York but when I sing the song I don’t sing the word f*ggot because it is offensive. So X is a lesbian and whenever I was done playing the song she got very annoyed despite me not even singing the lyric and called me a a dick etc. and then left. Now the problem is that her mother, father,  brother and her are now all not talking to me (I assume she has told them not to) and I really can’t figure out how I would be the asshole in this situation so I decided I’d just ask reddit.  Tl;Dr played fairytale of New York in front of my lesbian cousin but without the word f*ggot and now I’m pretty sure she hates me.",I dont know how bad the song is but it sounds like an over sensitive cousin. I'd say not the asshole without having heard the song.,"you are the asshole.   You're not singing the song, you're playing it.  You don't have to sing the lyrics, but you're not obligated to. "
42,"Would I be the asshole if I don't show up to a work-sponsored Family Fun Day? My company is throwing a Family Fun Day celebration for the whole company. I had RSVP'd to go because my girlfriend and her family were all going to be around and we thought it would be fun.  But plans changed, and the date got pushed back, so the family wouldn't be all together anymore.  Still, my girlfriend and I thought we should go, so I signed up for the rescheduled date with just the two of us this time.   Then she learned her flight to leave for her internship was before the Fun Day, instead of afterward, like we originally thought it was. Neither of us realized that until just two days ago. The event is today.   So basically, I RSVP'd to go to this family work function, but I don't have a family in town to go with anymore. I don't really want to go now because of that, as well as because I'm not a fan of my job in the first place, I see these guys more than I see my own family with the hours they got me working, and I really don't want to spend my weekend going stag to a family day with all my coworkers and their families.  Would I be the asshole if I just don't show up?","no assholes here. Nothing wrong with no longer feeling obligated to go. If you can, contact the people running the party and let them know, it won’t make it suck less for them but they’ll probably understand and appreciate you at least trying to let them know you won’t be there.",not the asshole.    You RSVP'd to go because you thought it would be fun.  You don't have to go. 
43,"Am I the asshole for wanting my boy friend to stop gaming with his friends to comfort me? So I have pretty bad anxiety and depression. I graduate from college today and for whatever reason that's just set it off, and I've spent the day alone in my room crying. I text my boyfriend asking if I can come over because I'm really sad and need him. And he explains that he has plans with his friends to game but I could still come over and hang with him while he games. Being at a really low point I just wanted to be with him and have the chance to talk without his friends a mic away. I know i shouldn't expect him to cancel on his friends but they do it to him frequently, and I felt like feeling as low as I do today he should just reschedule this one time. Am I the asshole?","no assholes here. Last minute plan changed can suck and be rude. I bet he hates it when they do it to him. But it’s understand to want him there for you. Take care of yourself. He loves you I bet and so do many people. Don’t be afraid to reach out for help when you need some, the right people will listen help you stop any destructive habits.",not the asshole.    You're not an asshole for wanting to spend time with him.  You are an asshole if you expect him to cancel on his friends. 
44,"Am I the asshole for leaving a theater before the movie even started because my kid was freaking out Wife and I wanted to watch frozen 2 and we thought our almost 2 year old son would enjoy it, after all he handled watching toy story 4 in theaters like a boss. He absolutely loved it. Anyway, we’re sitting in the theater and we sat down towards the inside of a row because the edge seats were all taken. The second we sat down. He just starts crying as if we abandoned him. I try to keep my cool but out of sheer embarrassment I start getting nervous and frustrated and start to prod my wife into leaving the theater. He does like the original frozen so chances are he would have enjoyed it had we stayed long enough for the actual movie to start. We ended up leaving the theater and my wife is mad because I started to “freak out” over the hole situation without having given him a chance.  I thought that the rest of the theater would have appreciated my decision to check out early.   The theater was filled with many children for it is a children’s movie but they were all being extremely well behaved and it was just my child that had been having a melt down.","not the asshole. You, sir, are a hero to movie goers everywhere",you are the asshole.    You're not the asshole for leaving the theater.  You are the ass hole for being nervous and frustrated. 
45,"Am I the asshole for leaving my cheating wife and her child for good? I like to keep this as short as possible and leave out any unnecessary details. If you feel like you need more information, just ask. Also, English is not my first language, so my wording might come over a bit strange at times.   So last week, due to a digital blunder, I did find out that my wife of 7 years has been cheating on me 5 years ago. When confronted, my wife did confess and I further learned that our child is a result of said affair - hence, it's not actually mine. Cheating is an absolute no-go for me and she knows that. So after I had the confirmation, I immediately decided to divorce, for which I will be filing soon.   Now when it comes to ""my"" kid, something in me changed as well. I always wanted to have kids but to me it's important that they are biologically mine. So I decided to not only leave my wife but also her child for good. It will be up to the the court whether I will have to pay alimony and if I have to, I will. But I will cut all contact. I know it will be hard for the kid and I know that the kid did nothing wrong. But neither did I. I didn't sign up for this so I am walking out. My soon-to-be ex-wife and her infidelity is to blame entirely.   Am I the asshole?",&gt; original poster is a victim of a horrible fraud here  And so is the child. If the child sees original poster as their father it is absolutely an asshole move to fuck off.,not the asshole. You have every right to leave your wife.    You have the right to cut all contact with her. 
46,"Would I be the asshole if I tried to convince my husband's boss to let him take the day after July 4th off to see my dance competition? I have a competition on the weekend of July 4th. My \[24F\] hubby \[25M\] isn't allowed to have vacation days yet since he just started working there, but they have a floating holiday which I believe is decided upon by the company. The city where the competition is located at is three hours away from where we live; it wouldn't make sense for my bubby to watch me compete on July 4th, go back to work on July 5th, and then go back to my comp after work and stay until it's over. My wubby's boss is a cool guy, but if he hypothetically says no, Would I be the asshole if I tag teamed with my dubby to convince him to give my mubby the whole weekend off?","you are the asshole. I'd be mortified if my husband talked to my boss about me getting the day off, especially if I just started there.  Also, what is with this dubby, hubby, bubby junk? I'm cringing.",not the asshole.    Your husband is a grown man and he can make his own decisions. 
47,"Am I the asshole for asking if a girl was pregnant or just fat? The story.  My friends and I were at this party. Everyone had plenty to drink because of the keg. After a number of beers, I was standing off to the side looking into the crowd aimlessly until I saw a girl that I based on her figure, I assumed she was pregnant. The last thing I remember of the evening was pointing with my cup and asking myself, ""is that girl pregnant?"".  How it went down. At this point, I must have blacked out because I do not remember anything. My friends give different avenues of the story but both avenues lead to the same ending.  Avenue 1 = I had walked up the girl and directly asked her if she was pregnant in front of her friends. Avenue 2 = I approached everyone else at the party to inquire of her condition.  (Knowing myself and how I was back then, I am inclined to go with Door #2.)   The ending.  According to my friends, the girl found out about the question, broke down crying, and ran out of the house. Four of her friends who were talking with four boys, saw her and ran to help her, thus simultaneously cock-blocking four guys at once. One of my friends said he never saw anything like before or since. He STILL shares this story.  So, Am I the asshole for having good intentions regaeidjg determining if a woman was pregnant and drinking alcohol?","you are the asshole and SHP  I'm hard pressed to believe you don't know that you're the asshole if you're piss drunk asking people if a girl is ""prego or just fat"" to the point that she runs out crying.","you are the asshole.   You were drunk. You were looking for a reason to ask.  You didn't know her.  She was pregnant.  If you were looking to ask her, you should have asked her."
48,"Am I the asshole for being a South Park fan? I'm 28 and my little brother's 21. I'm a big fan of South Park, and have been for about 20 years now (holy shit). A lot of the appeal is that it offends so many people and makes fun of everybody. Tonight me and my little brother had a huge blow out because I was making fun of some nonsense the show mocked. He went off on me saying that it's not that hard for me to be a good person, and that when I do ""shit like this"" it makes it hard for anybody to talk about personal stuff with me, and that his friends overhear me on Discord and think I'm a man child. I told him that his friends are oversensitive snowflakes, and he listed off a bunch of irrelevant things and told me to consider why all of his friends would tell him to find somewhere else to live.  All because I watch South Park, I'm a bad person?","I don't think you're a bad person for watching South Park, but you are the asshole for reacting the way you did to what your sibling said. If you don't think that behavior is exactly why they said what they did, idk what to tell you.  edit: corrected my misgendering op sibling because op revealed in comments that their sibling is trans and they intentionally misgender them.",not the asshole.    You're not an asshole for being a fan of South Park.  You are an asshole because you're making fun of people who are offended by it. 
49,"Am I the asshole for not standing up for Chipotle workers while they got berated? I was in Chipotle the other day, one I go to often. The people who work there are very kind, and I have a lot of respect for them because I worked at Chipotle and know how sh-tty of a job it can be.   I’m in line and this old fat lady in front of me starts verbally berating the employees on the line for messing up something with her bowl that was completely her fault. She’s sticking her hand over the glass (classic) and yelling at the employees to “get it right” and saying “what the fuck it’s not that hard”. They make like four bowls for her and she keeps saying it’s wrong because she wanted the beans first THEN the rice, or something incredibly stupid like that.  I just ignore her and walk past her as she keeps going back to the start of the line to restart her bowl. I’m just getting my burrito fixings now when she yells at the girl behind the glass “how hard is it? Are you stupid or something?” and starts insulting her under her breath. I really wanted to say something like chill the fuck out lady and stop being a bitch, but felt it wasn’t my place. I just tried to be as nice as possible to the workers while ignoring everything going on.  Should I have stepped in and defended the employees?","you are the asshole The employees aren't allowed to tell the lady she's full of shit, but other customers are. People in customer service count on witnesses telling assholes to shove it, otherwise they get walked all over.",not the asshole.    She was being a dick.  She's an old lady.  You're not an asshole for not standing up for her.
